Today, over 600 witnesses worldwide are imprisoned
for remaining neutral in world affairs.
Join us as we visit the legal department
at World Headquarters.
They work tirelessly to help our brothers legally
and to protect our rights to publicly witness to others.
Please watch.
In carrying out the responsibility to do God's will,
Jehovah's Witnesses have met with legal challenges.
These challenges have been many and at times severe.
There's no time to lose.
We need to get our surgery right away.
And we need to prepare for blood transfer.
This has led to the establishment of a legal department
which is located at the Watchtower Educational Center
in Patterson, New York.
Under the direction of the governing body
and the United States Branch Committee,
the legal department works to protect our legal rights to worship.
When restrictions are placed on our activities,
we work to defend and legally establish the good news.
Let's examine a case that was taken all the way
to the United States Supreme Court.
The town of Straton, Ohio passed an ordinance
requiring anyone wanting to engage in door to door activity
to obtain a permit from the mayor.
The ordinances that were enacted were specifically designed
to restrict the activity of Jehovah's Witnesses.
The witnesses tried to work the matter out
with the municipality, with the village,
but the village was insistent
our brothers and sisters obtained permits
prior to going from door to door.
This permit scheme was appelled in the lower courts in Ohio.
Thus, the case was appealed to the United States Supreme Court.
The Supreme Court ruled in our favor
and held that such ordinances are unconstitutional
as applied to the public ministry of Jehovah's Witnesses.
Even now, we still have some municipalities
that would like to enforce their permit regulation
against our brothers and sisters.
We turn their attention to the Straton decision
and the issue is resolved.
Since 1919, Jehovah's Witnesses have obtained 50 victories
before the United States Supreme Court.
Just as extraordinary, we have prevailed
in the European Court of Human Rights over 50 times.
Jehovah's Witnesses do not seek confrontation.
They prefer to quietly serve God.
But when events unfold that force them to stand up
and say, I won't do this or I have to do that
because my faith compiles me to do so.
It is remarkable to see the steel-like determination
of these individuals who have looked in the eyes of judges,
magistrates, police officers, and have simply said,
I have to obey God.
What part can you play in defending
and legally establishing the good news?
You can stay informed of legal developments
by means of reports provided by the faithful
and discreet slave.
You can ask Jehovah in prayer to give your brothers
and sisters the power beyond what is normal
and for his will to be done.
Also, you can faithfully maintain your integrity
to Jehovah even when facing opposition.
And thank you again for respecting my wishes.
You're very welcome.
How grateful we are to Jehovah
who has granted his people the legal victories needed
to freely carry out our worship.
I know you have your ministry,
but when people call...
It is the legal department's privilege
to work shoulder to shoulder with you
in defending and legally establishing the good news.